oh em gee I can't believe that its first
day of school yeah oh good my mom good
morning doubt oh good morning honey
so are you excited for your first day of
high school or school yeah of course
it's my first day of high school and I
wish I made some new and nice friends
not being fat oh honey you don't want it
late for school um you have to go now it
is 730 okey-dokey let's go BYE MOM feel
after all bye honey enjoy you are so
funny why thank you and no one is much
more prettier than me poor justin what
is you have to go to vacation without us
I mean I Duchess about fear member
explode where's the water oopsies nerd
alert wait what who is that dog over
there oh she doesn't have any
accessories I mean who goes to school
without any skirt adopt any bows by the
necklaces 01 have to be here Oh her bird
is not got soft Oh why should you its
first if all I feel so great we do hey
oh hello so are you looking for your
locker yeah actually um it is number 15
hello scuze me oh sorry
continue the X number 15 uh um it's
right over there with not kept with a
good I'll baidu me everywhere there's
truly such okay thank you um excuse me
what in the tale of prettiness do you
want well the longer right behind you as
my locker oopsies sorry oh my gross
situates of time or just here talking
her come on oh wow wow those girls are
so meet you dude good girl over there
put the offer I know right that's so
funny i will let you all with her so
pretty welcome to go with her I just
wanted to say that she's so pretty oh
you like her I don't you know have a
girlfriend